---
language: English
currentMenu: import
subTitle: Import and export data
---

# Importing and Exporting Data

## Importing

To import data into Wallabag, go to the **Configuration** page.

### Caution

Data import can be a **demanding process** for your server. Hence, it is done in two steps:

* Insertion of the URL in the Wallabag database
* Retrieval, for each article, of its full content.

These two steps cannot be done concurrently, because it would mean importing thousands of links. At the present time, Wallabag does not have sufficient technical capabilities to do this task automatically.


### From Pocket:
#### Exporting your data from Pocket

From your Pocket account, go to the options. From here, go to the Export page and click the *Export HTML file* link.

#### Importing your Pocket Data

From the configuration page of Wallabag, section **Import**, select the file `ril_export.html` generated by Pocket, then click on **Import**.
Wallabag only insert these links in the database. Now, you have to get the content of each article.

For this, click on **Click to Finish Import**. Wallabag will fetch the content of 10 articles at a time.

### From Instapaper:

#### Exporting your data from Instapaper

From your Instapaper account, go to the Settings page. Scroll to the Export section and export as an html file.

#### Importing your Instapaper data

From the configuration page of wallabag, section **Import**, select the file `instapaper-export.html` generated by Instapaper, then click on **Import**.

### From Readability:

#### Exporting your data from Readability

From your Readability account, go to the Tools page. Click on the Export Your Data button. You will receive shortly an email at the adress linked to your Readability account. This email contains a link for you to download a file.

#### Importing your Readability data

From the configuration page of wallabag, section **Import**, select the file generated by Readability earlier, then click on **Import**.


### From Wallabag:

Since you can export your data from Wallabag (see below), it is of course possible to re-import them.

In the import form, select your wallabag-exported file (format JSON). Start the import, et voilà.

Unlike the above imports, this process is shorter because all the data (title and content of the articles) is already included in the file. Hence Wallabag does not have to access each URL. However, the import file is necessarily bigger.


### From your Bookmarks:

Wallabag can import data from browser bookmarks, exported as HTML (Netscape-formatted HTML to be precised).


### From an HTML or JSON file:

If you have entries with the HTML or JSON format, Wallabag should be able to import them !

## Exporting:
It is possible to export your data from the **Configuration** page of Wallabag. Several reasons to do this include:

* Re-installation of Wallabag
* Leaveing the Framabag service to install your own Wallabag service
* A user with an account on a multi-user wallabag wanting to have their own Wallabag installation
* ...

This will lead you to download a file [at the JSON format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_Object_Notation).  
As detailed above, you can import this file in Wallabag.
